docs: docs and log messages about upgrading components (#1396)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/upgrade.md

5) `aks-engine upgrade` is backwards compatible. If you deployed with `aks-engine` version `0.27.x`, you can run upgrade with version `0.29.y`. In fact, it is recommended that you use the latest available `aks-engine` version when running an upgrade operation. This will ensure that you get the latest available software and bug fixes in your upgraded cluster.

6) `aks-engine upgrade` will automatically re-generate your cluster configuration to best pair with the desired new version of Kubernetes, and/or the version of AKS Engine that is used to execute `aks-engine upgrade`. To use an example of both:

- When you upgrade to (for example) Kubernetes 1.14 from 1.13, AKS Engine will automatically change your control plane configuration (e.g., `coredns`, `metrics-server`, `kube-proxy`) so that the cluster component configurations have a close, known-working affinity with 1.14.

> - When you do even a minor upgrade, say, from 1.14.1 to 1.14.2, but you use a newer version of AKS Engine for the upgrade, a newer version of `etcd` (for example) may have been validated and configured as default since the original version of AKS Engine used to build the cluster was released. So, for example, without any explicit user direction, the newly upgraded cluster will now be running etcd v3.2.26 instead of v3.2.25. _This is by design._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you perform an upgrade, even if it is a Kubernetes patch release upgrade such as 1.14.1 to 1.14.2, but you use a newer version of AKS Engine, a newer version of `etcd` (for example) may have been validated and configured as default since the original version of AKS Engine used to build the cluster was released. So, for example, without any explicit user direction, the newly upgraded cluster will now be running etcd v3.2.26 instead of v3.2.25. _This is by design._
```

Reviewer: not sure if my sentence sounds better but basically trying to avoid saying "do an upgrade" and replace minor by patch (or same minor) since 1.14 is the minor version, 1.14.2 is the patch.
